TkRat is a graphical Mail User Agent (MUA) which handles MIME. It is
mainly written in C but the user interface is done in tcl/tk. The
following is a non exhaustive list of the capabilities:
    
    * Supports disconnected IMAP folders
	A disconnected mailbox is one where TkRat keeps a local copy of
	each message in the mailbox. The user can then work against this
	copy offline. Reply to messages, copy messages or delete them.
	At some later time the user may synchronize the mailboxes and the
	changes done to the local copy are applied to the master IMAP-folder.

    * Keeps track of number of unread messages in multiple folders
	One can instruct TkRat to monitor certain folders and always show
	the number of new/total number of messages in them. TkRat can also
	alert the user of new messages arriving.

    * Multi-lingual interface
	Currently English, Swedish, Italian, French and Serbian are
	supported but it is not hard to add more languages.
 
    * Message database
	Messages can be stored in a database. When inserting you add
	keywords, expiration time and what to do when the expiration time
	is reached. Internally the messages are stored as flat text-files.

    * Virtual folders
	A virtual folder is a name that has been set on an ordinary folder
	(mbox, mh, IMAP or POP) or a database search expression.
	The user can define a menu structure which holds all the virtual
	folders and can then move messages to a folder or open a folder via
	the menu.

    * Message hold
	You can suspend the composing of a message by putting the message
	in the hold. The composing can then be continued at a later time.
	You can stop the program in the meantime. Multiple messages can
	be in the hold at the same time.

    * Watcher
	TkRat can be configured to monitor a number of mailboxes and notify
	the user when new messages arrives in them. If a new message arrives
	a small window with a list of all messages (or only the new ones) in
	the mailbox is opened.  The user can then either press the right
	mouse button in this window to make it go away and continue
	watching for new messages.  Or press the left button to make the
	watcher window go away and the main window to deiconify.

    * Interface to the rest of the mail world
	The program currently understands unix mailboxes, POP, IMAP and mh
	folders. Messages are sent via SMTP or any user configured program
	(for example sendmail).

    * Supports Delivery Status Notifications
	TkRat supports the DSN standard. This lets you see if  your message
	has arrived safely at the destination. This requires an MTA that
	handles the DSN ESMTP extension.
    
    * Composing
	Messages are composed with the built in editor (tk's text widget plus
	many extensions) or an external editor of your choice.

    * MIME support
	Understands MIME both in bodies and headers.

    * Supports PGP/MIME
	Generates PGP/MIME messages. There is also support for receiving
	old style PGP messages.

/MaF

