CURRENT
gmail
  imap.gmail.com

BUGS
Move two (flagged) messages from spam to inbox causes it to download all messages again

MUST

TODO
Color icon?

Hotkeys for moving email to folders
Create groups on dates
Search LDAP when entering address
New imap toolkit
Better keydef window
Dialogs, Status, Reason, Action (Verb)
Fix bcc problem when doing pgp
Icons in vfolderdef window (instead of Monitored,INBOX et al)
Do not open pop-folders in offline mode
Accept both dir and command as pgp_path
Print multiple messages to file
Warn before sending an empty message
More detailed date info specifier
Create generic paning-widget
Performance
Userproc for alias expansion (gives list of possible expansions)
Alias-expansion should expand on given part of address...
Keyboard shortcut to show body
Accept rfc2368 mailto-URLs
LockGUI during group-operations & sync etc
Keyboard focus when alias-window comes up
Button to close alias window?
Go offline when all connections fails
Rename RatAddressSize to RatAddressMaxSize (and change implementation)
Move more stuff to preferences window (everything which uses rat_list)
Escape '^From ' in attachments and text
Ignore trailing dot in urls
Do not always update the master folder when running in online-mode?
Include From in reply-to all
Implement save to dynamic folder
Use mime.types-file and possibly other file command
Reimplement PGP (sign & encrypt immediately)
Partial quotations
Network sync command which includes ';' 
Import & generate vcard
Show attachment name in menu
Decode attachment name
Confirm on send & dismiss
Kill sender when quitting
PGP
Pipe messages to command
compressed folders
Sort according to message size
Be able to show changes messages
Option to make the folder menu popup new folders
More intelligent handling of images to big for the paper
Eliminate calls to Tcl_Eval in c-code
Determine type of attachment from filename for octet-stream attachments (option)
Scrollbars for images
Detailed reply dialog
Deescape >From
Subscriptions
Improve pgp, specify addresses etc
Check for proper values of preferences fields
Command line options
Send handling
Backward searching
Print in compose window.
Browse mode should also need prompting for downloading of attachments
Move from pine address book
Replace regexp search in RatDecodeHeader
Show number of flagged and deleted messages in mailbox
Associate detached menus with main window
Keyboard bindings in watcher window
N flag in browse mode
Classes to make colorization easier
Append outgoing to POP3 and dynamic
Content-disposition
Filter actions save to folder should have subargs:
		save without attachments
		let user decide about attachements
		save unencrypted
		always save encrypted with X
		save encrypted with X if already encrypted
		same with signed?
Possiblility to keep attached messages in replies
Add posibility to decode in the show window
Should use $env(HOME) for all paths under $env(HOME)
Subscribe and unsubscribe to IMAP folders
Change icon when new mail arrives
Show all To-lines when multiple are present
Move to nonexisting IMAP-folder should create it
See which other aliases an alias is included in
Sender adding if from not oneself should perhaps be an option?
Turn off inline showing of gifs
Read next flagged message
hide deleted messages
Userproc to suggest folder to save message in
New sorting options
Specify folder to open on command line
Do not print attachments
Better colormaps
You should not be able to delete the active folder
Insert message into compose window (with quoting and attribution etc...
Posibility to redecode a message
Add more keys that the message gets encrypted to (both preference and on the spot)
Default to not delete the imap folder when deleting vfolders
Saving outgoing encrypted messages
Changes to watcher preferences should take directly.
Command line arg: -iconGeomtry
Diferent handlers for different URL protocols
Specify fonts
Automatically (after user confirmation) restart tkrat if needed from options.
scrollbar on extract addresses window.
uudecoding
decode not all headers
Replies to your own messages
Tmpdir
Remove unneeded checks of input values
Only one outstanding external edit
Editor for deferred messages
Support content-disposition
Autosave backup copies of compose windows.
Ability to specify filters for bodyparts (of unkown types primarily)
True & False as option texts in the preferences window
Check performance
Tear-off menues are indistinguisable
Option to not include text in responses
Default name of new filefolders to the filename
Hold outstanding compositions on SIGINT?
When imporintg from an IMAP server which already have a submenu this should 
	be used again
Option to do automatic expunge
Option to not automatically show any messages
Sort imported imap folders
Preference for automatic indention in compose
Search current message
Indicator that there are held messages
The fileselector should remember different dirs for save and read etc
Automove read messages?
Address entry in dbase serach expression
Split digests
Search in folder (a'la emacs ^s)
Construct dynamic folders on demand (when opening that submenu)
Advanced reply (select which addresses to include and which bodyparts).
Search helptexts
See year of message
Address fields columnizing (should be neater)
Userproc to look up addresses (gets one string in and returns a list
			       of possible results).
Group on size and date intervals
Remember tornoff menus
Tab expansion of addresses (among aliases)
Select startup folder on command line
Forward group
Edit saved expressions
Busy cursor
Mark line that was last on previous page when using space to scroll?
Remember placement of icon.
manpage
Match everything in dbase
Don't rebuild everything every time you write make
Improve support of mh folders
Max 120 recipients (or something like that)
Attach arbitrary message to the message being composed
Edit big aliases

Store bcc in local messages (but filter upon sending)
Change order of header-fields
Modify the buttonbar
Select folder from vfolderdef window
Remail a message to a different address	(Remail)?
Option to always start external editor
Handle application/tcl
See sender (instead of from)
Global address books

More emacs-bindings in window M-space M-w och M-y

Test handling of expanded DSN's
Test operation when the filesystem is full.
Firm up aliases (illegal characters (rfc822))
More than one folder window

Localize internal messages
Handle message/external
Display how different types are handled (depends on mailcap)
Move contents of one folder to another when the folder definition is edited.?
Find reports in dbase too.
UP that is run when messages arrive.
Keep fullname in alias expand2 (option?)
Thread messages.
Wrap lines in message beeing replied to.

See all used keywords (in dbase)
Multiple alias lists

Use imap4 better
Take aliases from netscape
Resync on error?

LONG RANGE

Support for compressed folders?
Handle message/partial
Form replies
Remote controlling (through send)
Ability to view a message in a separate window.
User defined new header lines?

