
			User defined procedures


   TkRat software and its included text is Copyright 1996-2004 by
   Martin Forssén.

   The full text of the legal notices is contained in the file called
   COPYRIGHT, included with this distribution.

User defined procedures is a way for the user to have more control over
certain features. The procedures are ordinary tcl procedures (i.e. they are
written in tcl7.5). None of the procedures must exist, they will be used
only if they exists.

The user may define procedures in the ~/.ratatosk/userproc file (or
whatever the userproc option is set to). If the procedures need any global
varaibles these must start with "ratUP_". The following procedures may
be defined:

RatUP_IsMe mailbox domain personal adl
	mailbox  -	Mailbox name
	domain   -	The domain part
	personal -	The personal name phrase (if any)
	adl      -	At-domain-list source route
    This procedure should determine if the address is pointing to me or not.
    It should return a boolean value, which should be true if the address
    is pointing at me.

RatUP_Translate mailbox domain personal adl
	mailbox  -	Mailbox name
	domain   -	The domain part
	personal -	The personal name phrase (if any)
	adl      -	At-domain-list source route (probably empty)
    When we are replying to a message all addresses we are sending it to
    are run through this procedure. It is expected to return a list with
    four elements {mailbox domain personal adl}.

RatUP_Signature message
	message -	The name of a global array which may contain
			information about the message the signature will be
			appended to
    This function should return a text string which will later be
    appended to the first text part of the message. The message argument is
    the name of a global array which MAY contain information about the message.
    See the section on RatSend in the interface-file. Note that this routine
    gets called before the user has had any chance to edit the message so
    there will not be any interesting information available at all for
    new messages.  It only contains interesting things for replies and
    forwards.

RatUP_Bell
    This function should notify the user that new mail has arrived. If
    this function does not exist then the terminal bell is rung.

RatUP_ShowURL url
	url -	An URL to show
    This function may get called when the user presses the left mousebutton
    over an URL in a message. It is expected to invoke a browser (in the
    background).

RatUP_Citation message
	message -	The handler for the message which is being cited
    This function should return a string which will be prepended to all
    lines in the body of the cited message. It wil be called when you reply
    to a message.

RatUP_NetsyncFolder spec
	spec -	A network folder specification {host:port}mailbox
    This function is should return a boolean value which indicates if
    the disconnected folder given as arguments should be synchronized
    at this moment or not. That means that this function will be called
    once for each disconnected mailbox when you select "Network Sync"
    from the menu. It will NOT be called when you select "Network sync.
    folder" from the admin menu to synchronize the current folder.
